welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the invisible guardian
palesia floral inspector amaya salazar
a former fbi agent lives in pamplona
with her american husband
james an artist she returns to her
hometown of bistan
in navarre to investigate the murder of
a young teen
thirteen-year-old anjo ali zasa
ain hoa was found naked and posed in the
woods
her face scrubbed clean of makeup and
her hair neatly arranged
and a cake placed on her shaved pubis
amaya links this with the death six
weeks earlier of carlawart
who was strangled with the same type of
rope and fears a serial killer may be at
work
both bodies were covered with hairs from
multiple animals
and oddity as none of the bodies show
marks from any animals
amaya and james move in with her aunt in
gracie
who raised her for most of her life she
is greeted warmly by her sister rozora
who is staying within gracie because of
a fight with her husband
freddie amaya's relationship is strained
with her elder sister flora
who with rosura now runs the family
business a commercial bakery
flora is divorced from her ex-husband
victor
and is resentful of amaya who is trying
to start a family
flora accuses amaya of abandoning their
mentally ill and abusive mother
rosario now in a nursing home even
though she had a pathological hatred for
amaya
james is shocked to find out that
rosario is not dead
as amaya claimed amaya instructs police
officer jonatha to look back 20 years
for similar patterns and other events
occurring in bistan he connects several
murders she believes could have been
committed by the same killer
she believes she is looking for an older
male who was likely sexually repressed
in his youth
and who would be familiar to the girls
making it likely they would go willingly
with him
the serial killer is dubbed elbasa one
lord of the woods
by the media after a basque mythological
creature
and grossi insists that the basal one is
real and a protector of the forest
and that one saved in grazie's life when
she was a girl by stopping her from
falling into a cavern
another girl ann arbizu goes missing
amaya is convinced she sees anne outside
her window late one night
but the next day her body is discovered
in the forest
her body arranged in the same ritualized
manner
dead for 24 hours amaya discovers anne
was having an affair with an
older married man amaya's brother-in-law
freddie
freddie attempts suicide because of his
anguish
but after exonerating him amaya does not
reveal the affair to the police
the cake placed on the bodies as local
texan texagory cake
flora states that it is of the highest
quality meaning it could come from only
a handful of bakeries
when amaya requests a sample of the
flower for analysis
flora gives her different flower than
the bakery uses
flora is arrested for obstruction but
insists she was merely taking
precautions as workers frequently take
home
the lab also matches the flower from the
cakes to the flower in rosaria's home
which she takes from the bakery but
amaya does not reveal this either
another young girl disappears but amaya
is removed from the case after her
captain discovers her secrecy
detective montes replaces her even
though amaya suspects him of having a
personal relationship with flora
aloysius dupree an fbi friend encourages
her to remove herself from the case and
look at it in its entirety
amaya thinks back to her childhood when
rosario
in a psychotic rage attempted to murder
her at the bakery
at which point amaya was taken to live
within gracie
amaya goes to visit rosario who calls
amaya a [ __ ] and attempts to bite her
she learns that rosario now restrained
had attacked a nurse and bitten her
while calling her amaya
and that her brother-in-law visits
rosario weekly
amaya and jonan drive to victor's house
but jonah arrives first and finds it
empty while amaya flips her car into a
ravine during a thunderstorm
on her way to the house she wakes up on
the ground away from her car and sees a
large hairy creature
in the distance and follows him the
pursuit leads her to an abandoned house
where she is attacked by victor
when she confronts him about the murders
he admits it was his doing so that he
could cleanse the valley of the filth
amaya stabs him with pair of scissors
and runs to free the missing girl whom
he has chained up
victor follows and just as he is about
to kill amaya
flora shoots him several weeks later
flora's book which she dedicated to her
mother
has been published while amaya and james
reveal to rosaria and dengraasi that
they are expecting a child together
from a distance a large hairy creature
looks over the valley before going back
into the forest
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe
and hit the bell notification for more
of these videos